First pull request for fastai autologger (#91)
DAGsHub/client: dagshub/fastai/README.md

# [Fastai v2](https://github.com/fastai/fastai) + [DAGsHub](https://dagshub.com) integration

> This package allows you to output logs from `fastai` runs to a simple, open format used by DAGsHub.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This package allows you to output logs from `fastai` runs to a [simple, open format](https://dagshub.com/docs/reference/open_data_science_formats/), that you can use analyze yourself or display using DAGsHub.
```
